EPAS: components prototype (#3537)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/14/data_sources.mdx

---
title: Connecting to external data sources
---

> We package and support a number of components to use to connect your EDB Postgres Advanced Server database server to external data sources. These EDB components are based on PostgreSQL components and typically support additional EDB Postgres Advanced Server capabilities. 

Reviewer: +1

The EDB components include:

>   - [EDB Hadoop Foreign Data Wrapper](/jdbc_connector/latest/installing/) &mdash; allows access to data that resides on a Hadoop file system from a Postgres database server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [EDB Hadoop Foreign Data Wrapper](/jdbc_connector/latest/installing/) &mdash;  accesses data that resides on a Hadoop file system from a Postgres database server
```
